✨(demo) force user.is_superuser on login when they have is_staff True (#122)
openfun/richie-site-factory: sites/demo/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

### Added

> - Function added in the social auth connection pipeline to force user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add step in the social auth connection pipeline to force user
```
